README.md, before:

dot-files
=========

Erm, my dot files?

Use .zshrc-local to add custom/local aliases and functions etc

Also I use oh-my-zsh, the tallpaul.zsh-theme is for that.

It's a custom minimalist zsh theme with git, python virtualenv  and command
return value info. This file is Ubuntu specific but you can also do (most of) this on OS X etc with a little tweaking.(For OS X you will need to install pip and virtualenv(wrapper).

### Set up
````
sudo apt-get install git zsh python-pip python-virtualenv python -dev virtualenvwrapper ack-grep tmux
# optionally
sudo apt-get install toilet
# if you install this it doesn't install  a very good font selection
# and you probably want to install some more (at least fraktur and slant)
# if you are me they are on gatheringstorms
# if you are not try: https://github.com/cmatsuoka/figlet-fonts
# or http://www.figlet.org/fontdb.cgi
curl -L http://install.ohmyz.sh | sh
cd ~/.oh-my-zsh/custom/plugins
git clone https://github.com/zsh-users/zsh-syntax-highlighting.git
cd
git clone https://github.com/tallus/dot-files.git
sudo gem install lolcat
sudo pip install pathlib thefuck

# Backup existing dot files
# Add symlinks
ln -s dot-files/zshrc .zshrc
ln -s dot-files/zsh .zsh
ln -s dot-files/vimrc .vimrc
ln -s dot-files/vim ./.vim
ln -s dot-files/tmux.conf .tmux.conf
ln -s dot-files/ackrc .ackrc

# copy over zsh theme
cp dot-files/tallpaul.zsh-theme .oh-my-zsh/themes

touch .zshrc-local
# add localplugins=(tmux) to .zshrc-local to autostart tmux
echo "localplugins=(tmux)" >> .zshrc-local


# Vim stuff
cd ~/dot-files/vim/bundle
./vim-clone.sh
# (update these with vim-update.sh)

# Install ExuberantCtags to make use of all the plugins

## install powerline font
This is only needed for a local machine, not for machines you only ssh to
cd .fonts
wget https://github.com/powerline/fonts/raw/master/Inconsolata/Inconsolata%20for%20Powerline.otf
fc-cache -vf ~/.fonts/

# set terminal emulator to use patched font

# see also:
# https://github.com/powerline/fonts
# https://powerline.readthedocs.org/en/latest/installation/linux.html#fonts-installation

# fix virtualenv wrapper
# edit /etc/bash_completion.d/virtualenvwrapper
# set use_full to yes
# chage the if statement to use double square brackets

# useful command line things
sudo apt-get install vim-nox aptitude ipython toilet
# Set a useful editor/not Nano
sudo  update-alternatives --config editor
#useful  GUI things
# terminator is best installed from the ppa
sudo add-apt-repository ppa:gnome-terminator && sudo apt-get update
sudo apt-get install terminator chromium-browser unity-tweak-tool gthumb inkscape gimp exaile
#useful server stuff
sudo apt-get install postgresql-9.3 postgresql-client-9.3 ipython python-psycopg2 nginx openssh-server ansible
# make things look pretty
sudo add-apt-repository ppa:tiheum/equinox
sudo add-apt-repository ppa:webupd8team/themes
sudo apt-get update && sudo apt-get install faenza-icon-theme faience-azur-dark  faience-icon-theme

# put menus in windows not panel System Settings -> Appearance -> Behaviour
````

Commit message:

.zshrc-plugins     - like .zshrc-local but sourced before .oh-my-zsh     - use this to enable plugins

README.md, after:

dot-files
=========

Erm, my dot files?

Use .zshrc-local to add custom/local aliases and functions etc

Also I use oh-my-zsh, the tallpaul.zsh-theme is for that.

It's a custom minimalist zsh theme with git, python virtualenv  and command
return value info. This file is Ubuntu specific but you can also do (most of) this on OS X etc with a little tweaking.(For OS X you will need to install pip and virtualenv(wrapper).

### Set up
````
sudo apt-get install git zsh python-pip python-virtualenv python -dev virtualenvwrapper ack-grep tmux
# optionally
sudo apt-get install toilet
# if you install this it doesn't install  a very good font selection
# and you probably want to install some more (at least fraktur and slant)
# if you are me they are on gatheringstorms
# if you are not try: https://github.com/cmatsuoka/figlet-fonts
# or http://www.figlet.org/fontdb.cgi
curl -L http://install.ohmyz.sh | sh
cd ~/.oh-my-zsh/custom/plugins
git clone https://github.com/zsh-users/zsh-syntax-highlighting.git
cd
git clone https://github.com/tallus/dot-files.git
sudo gem install lolcat
sudo pip install pathlib thefuck

# Backup existing dot files
# Add symlinks
ln -s dot-files/zshrc .zshrc
ln -s dot-files/zsh .zsh
ln -s dot-files/vimrc .vimrc
ln -s dot-files/vim ./.vim
ln -s dot-files/tmux.conf .tmux.conf
ln -s dot-files/ackrc .ackrc

# copy over zsh theme
cp dot-files/tallpaul.zsh-theme .oh-my-zsh/themes

# anything in here will override this file and oh-my-zsh
touch .zshrc-local
# sourced before oh-my-zsh
touch .zshrc-plugins
# add localplugins=(tmux) to .zshrc-plugins to autostart tmux
echo "localplugins=(tmux)" >> .zshrc-plugins


# Vim stuff
cd ~/dot-files/vim/bundle
./vim-clone.sh
# (update these with vim-update.sh)

# Install ExuberantCtags to make use of all the plugins

## install powerline font
This is only needed for a local machine, not for machines you only ssh to
cd .fonts
wget https://github.com/powerline/fonts/raw/master/Inconsolata/Inconsolata%20for%20Powerline.otf
fc-cache -vf ~/.fonts/

# set terminal emulator to use patched font

# see also:
# https://github.com/powerline/fonts
# https://powerline.readthedocs.org/en/latest/installation/linux.html#fonts-installation

# fix virtualenv wrapper
# edit /etc/bash_completion.d/virtualenvwrapper
# set use_full to yes
# chage the if statement to use double square brackets

# useful command line things
sudo apt-get install vim-nox aptitude ipython toilet
# Set a useful editor/not Nano
sudo  update-alternatives --config editor
#useful  GUI things
# terminator is best installed from the ppa
sudo add-apt-repository ppa:gnome-terminator && sudo apt-get update
sudo apt-get install terminator chromium-browser unity-tweak-tool gthumb inkscape gimp exaile
# make things look pretty
sudo add-apt-repository ppa:tiheum/equinox
sudo add-apt-repository ppa:webupd8team/themes
sudo apt-get update && sudo apt-get install faenza-icon-theme faience-azur-dark  faience-icon-theme

# put menus in windows not panel System Settings -> Appearance -> Behaviour
````
